drivers: eth: native_posix: Allow non-root access (#10663)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/net/eth_native_posix/README.rst

   :compact:

Normally one needs extra privileges to create and configure the TAP device in
the host system. If the user has set the
:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_STARTUP_AUTOMATIC` option (this is disabled
by default), then the user needs to use ``sudo`` to execute the Zephyr process
with admin privileges, like this:

.. code-block:: console

    sudo --preserve-env=ZEPHYR_BASE make run

If the ``sudo --preserve-env=ZEPHYR_BASE`` gives an error,
just use ``sudo --preserve-env`` instead.

> If that option is not enabled (this is the default), then the user should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_STARTUP_AUTOMATIC` option
is not enabled (this is the default), then the user should
```

execute the ``net-setup.sh`` script from Zephyr `net-tools`_ repository.
The script should be run before executing the Zephyr process. The script

> will create the zeth interface and setup IP addresses and routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will create the zeth interface and set up IP addresses and routes.
```

Reviewer: FYI, ``setup`` is a noun or adjective (e.g., the setup script), while ``set up`` is the verb form.

Reviewer: Continue with the command example that was in the Kconfig file:

    You can run the ``net-setup.sh`` script like this::

       cd net-tools
       ./net-setup.sh

    or::

       ./net-setup.sh --config ./zeth-vlan.conf

> The manual setting does not require the Zephyr process to be run as a root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By running ``net-setup.sh`` manually, you can run the Zephyr process as a non-root
```

Reviewer 2: The irony is that net-setup.sh itself needs root. @jukkar's wording seems to be carefully crafted to blend that fact into background ;-). So, let me suggest my edition too after all:

~~~
While running ``net-setup.sh`` requires root access (once), afterwards 
Zephyr processes can be run as a non-root user.
~~~

> user, this is the recommended and preferred way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user. This is the recommended and preferred way.
```

Reviewer: After this, add some of the details that were in the Kconfig file:

    When the network interface is set up manually, you can leave the wireshark
    to monitor the interface, and then start and stop the zephyr process without
    stopping the wireshark. 

    Setting things manually works the same as working with SLIP
    connectivity in QEMU.

   :compact:

Normally one needs extra privileges to create and configure the TAP device in
the host system. If the user has set the
:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_STARTUP_AUTOMATIC` option (this is disabled
by default), then the user needs to use ``sudo`` to execute the Zephyr process
with admin privileges, like this:

.. code-block:: console

    sudo --preserve-env=ZEPHYR_BASE make run

If the ``sudo --preserve-env=ZEPHYR_BASE`` gives an error,
just use ``sudo --preserve-env`` instead.

If the :option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_STARTUP_AUTOMATIC` option
is not enabled (this is the default), then the user should
execute the ``net-setup.sh`` script from Zephyr `net-tools`_ repository.
The script should be run before executing the Zephyr process. The script
will create the zeth interface and set up IP addresses and routes.
While running ``net-setup.sh`` requires root access, afterwards Zephyr
process can be run as a non-root user.

You can run the ``net-setup.sh`` script like this::

   cd net-tools

>    ./net-setup.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sudo ./net-setup.sh
```

Author: There is no need to put sudo here. The script will do sudo automatically if user does not put it there.

or::

>    ./net-setup.sh --config ./zeth-vlan.conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sudo ./net-setup.sh --config ./zeth-vlan.conf
```
